FreeSurfer. 
Copyright Â© 2011-2016 The General Hospital Corporation (Boston, MA) "MGH"

This product includes software developed at the
Athinoula A. Martinos Center for Biomedical Imaging
149 Thirteenth Street, Suite 2301
Charlestown, Massachusetts 02129

FreeSurfer is based on other software packages, where the corresponding 
license is found in either the docs/ directory of the binary distribution,
or in the /dev/distribution/docs directory of the source distribution:

Tck/Tk.
Parts of this software are based on the Tcl/Tk software copyrighted by the
Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., and other
parties. The original license terms of the Tcl/Tk software distribution is
included in the file </dev/distribution/>docs/license.tcltk.txt

Tix.
Parts of this software are based on the Tix software copyrighted by the Ioi Kim
Lam, and Expert Interface Technologies. The original license terms of the Tix
software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.tix.txt

BLT.
Parts of this software are based on the BLT software copyrighted by Lucent
Technologies. The original license terms of the BLT software distribution is 
included in the file </dev/distribution/>docs/license.blt.txt

Tiff.
Parts of this software are based on the Tiff software. The original license 
terms of the Tiff software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.tiff.txt

JPEG.
Parts of this software are based on the JPEG software. The original license 
terms of the JPEG software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.jpeg.txt

GLUT.
Parts of this software are based on the GLUT software. The original license 
terms of the GLUT software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.glut.txt

VXL.
Parts of this software are based on the VXL software. The original license 
terms of the VXL software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.vxl.txt

LAPACK/BLAS.
Parts of this software are based on the LAPACK software. The original license 
terms of the LAPACK software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.lapack.txt

MINC.
Parts of this software are based on the MINC software. The original license 
terms of the MINC software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.minc.txt

VTK/KWWidgets.
Parts of this software are based on the VTK/KWWidgets software. The original 
license terms of the VTK/KWWidgets software distribution is included in the 
file </dev/distribution/>docs/license.vtk.txt

ITK.
Parts of this software are based on the ITK software. The original license 
terms of the ITK software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.itk.txt

Qt.
Parts of this software are based on the Qt software. The original license 
terms of the Qt software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.qt.html.

Expat.
Parts of this software are based on the Expat software. The original license 
terms of the Expat software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.expat.txt

XML2.
Parts of this software are based on the XML2 software. The original license 
terms of the XML2 software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.xml2.txt

Boost.
Parts of this software are based on the Boost software. The original license 
terms of the Boost software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.boost.txt

Thrust.
Parts of this software are based on the Thrust software. The original license 
terms of the Thrust software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.thrust.txt

PETSc.
Parts of this software are based on the PETSc software. The original license 
terms of the PETSc software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.petsc.txt

NrrdIO.
Parts of this software are based on the NrrdIO software. The original license 
terms of the NrrdIO software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.nrrdio.txt

NIfTI.
Parts of this software are based on the NIfTI software. The original license 
terms of the NIfTI software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.nifti.txt

GIfTI.
Parts of this software are based on the GIfTI software. The original license 
terms of the GIfTI software distribution is included in the file 
</dev/distribution/>docs/license.gifti.txt

CUDA.
Parts of this software are based on the CUDA software from NVIDIA. 
The original license terms of the CUDA DSK software distribution is included 
in the file </dev/distribution/>docs/license.cuda.txt

FSL.
Parts of this software make use of the FSL software package, eg. 'flirt' is 
redistributed as 'flirt.fsl'. The original license terms of the FSL software 
distribution is included in the file </dev/distribution/>docs/license.fsl.txt

